# Ratification of the DAO Multi-Signature Gnosis Signers Updated Agreement

---

```
Author: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-05-02
Proposal: 0025
Type: Ratification
```

## Thesis.

Authorized Member benreed.eth would like to update the agreement ("Agreement") between Movement and the Movement Gnosis multi-signature wallet ("Multi-sig") signers ("Signers").

## Motivation.

Authorized Member benreed.eth wants to present an updated Agreement between the DAO and the Multi-sig Signers for ratification from the community. This Agreement was updated in order to further elaborate on the guidelines the Signers must follow, along with the procedures that must be taken regarding custody of the Ethereum Addresses and Ledger hardware wallets ("Ledger(s)") that compose the keys to the DAO Multi-sig.

The [original agreement](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/governance/multisig.md) was published along with the other DAO governance materials in August 2022, however the individual Signers were not explicitly asked to acknowledge their agreement to those terms. In an abundance of caution, the Authorized Members seek to ensure that there is a clear Agreement between Movement and all Signers participating in the observance of governance and execution of transactions on behalf of the DAO, that outline their obligations and the procedures they must follow while acting as a Signer.

_The link provided above is where the effective Multi-sig agreement will live, please notice the effective date and updated date to track._

## Specification.

1. The Authorized Members have drafted a new Agreement between Movement and the Signers.
2. The Authorized Members now request that Community Members review the Agreement, voice any concerns they have with it, and vote on whether or not they want to ratify the Agreement.

## Rationale.

The Authorized Members want to be sure that this Agreement includes a detailed layout of the rules and obligations that the Signers must abide by, and that the Agreement itself is clear, concise, and legally binding.

## Risks.

1. The Agreement may miss important details.
2. Members may not like the new Agreement.

## Link to Agreement.

1. [Original Agreement](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0025-001-20220823-multisig-agreement.pdf) [^1]
2. [Updated Agreement](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0025-002-20230511-multisig-agreement-updated.pdf) [^2]

## Miscellaneous.

Discussions pertaining to this Multi-sig should be held in the [governance-discussions](https://discord.com/channels/919071794332323903/919110068484587560) category within the DAO's [Discord](https://discord.gg/movexyz).
New [governance-discussions](https://discord.com/channels/1073360258531082240/1105933040775077898) and DAO's [Discord](https://discord.gg/pJJwgNpT66)

Community members may use Discord DMs to contact any of the DAO's Authorized Members to discuss any concerns they may have regarding the Multi-sig. The DAO's Authorized Members are [tankbottoms.eth](mailto://0x3fa802d55c2eaebe6333e217323e7f07a2ca92b4@ethereum.email) [^3] and [benreed.eth](mailto://0xa4e6c2b6264652444b3f0cc1bb37496ae916931c@ethereum.email) [^4].

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members.

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the Authorized Members have drafted a new Agreement for the Signers, and now request that Community Members review the Agreement, voice any concerns they have it, and vote on whether or not they want to ratify the Agreement;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That if this proposal passes via a Snapshot vote, the new Agreement between Movement and the Signers will replace and supersede any previous agreements between the two parties upon its execution;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members convened and are hereby jointly and severally authorized to take any and all actions, along with executing or signing any cryptocurrency transactions, and executing and delivering any other documents, agreements, instruments, and/or certificates as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other resolutions herein, or any related documents. This also includes authorization to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, and/or its affiliates.

This ratification by the DAO Members by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives a majority vote of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote.

This action by the Authorized Members may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

[^1]: DAO [Multi-signature Agreement dated August 23, 2022](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0025-001-20220823-multisig-agreement.pdf)
[^2]: DAO [Multi-signature Agreement dated May 15, 2023](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0025-002-20230511-multisig-agreement.pdf)
[^3]: Tankbottoms Discord handle is @tankbottoms#2749
[^4]: Benreed.eth Discord handles is @rices$cracker#8682
