# Proposal for the Formation of a DAO Committee for Expenses, Claims, and Operations Oversight

---

```
Author: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-05-02
Proposal: 0026
Type: Proposal
```

## Thesis.

This proposal seeks to establish a committee ("Committee") within the DAO with three primary purposes:

1. To oversee and ratify all of the DAO's major expenses;
2. To independently investigate any claims made against the DAO;
3. To provide oversight on business and operational decisions to ensure that the Authorized Members and DAO as a whole are operating in line with the [Guiding Principles](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/legal/guiding-principles.md) [^1], and [Code of Conduct](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/resources/code-of-conduct.md) [^2].

_The links provided above is where the effective Guiding Principles and Code of Conduct will live, please notice the effective date and updated date on each to track. Please note that there is a proposal currently before the community to update the Guiding Principles and Code of Conduct, so what is listed above is subject to change upon the approval of the proposal._

The purpose of the Committee will be to ensure transparency, accountability, and fairness in the DAO's operations.

_Note: This proposal is not intended to be a replacement for the community governance process, but rather provide a Committee to the Authorized Members and Movement employees to provide oversight and guidance for budget and operations, along with providing the DAO with an independent Committee to investigate any future claims made against the DAO. This proposal does not seek to give the Committee authority to make decisions on behalf of the DAO. Any recommendations or actions authorized by the Committee will be presented to the community for a vote via Snapshot for ratification. The inclusion of the Committee seeks to distill, summarize, or where appropriate provide additional controls in the operation of the DAO, without having to subject the entire community to every decision detail which may cause governance fatigue._

## Motivation.

DAOs are designed to be transparent, secure, and autonomous. However, the lack of oversight and accountability mechanisms can lead to potential inefficiencies, corruption, and disputes. Therefore, establishing a Committee to oversee the DAO's operations is essential to maintain the DAO's integrity and trustworthiness. In addition, providing oversight on business and operations decisions is crucial to ensure that the DAO operates in line with its Guiding Principles and Code of Conduct. Furthermore, having a Committee in place to investigate any future claims made against the DAO will allow the Authorized Members and Movement employees to continue to allocate their attention and resources towards operations and the development of the protocol.

## Specification.

The Committee will consist of up to seven (7) individuals elected by the DAO's Members, via a Snapshot vote. The Committee members must cumulatively have a strong understanding in cryptocurrency, traditional finance, operations, and governance. They will serve a term of one year and can be re-elected. The election process will consist of:

1. Nominations of any Member holding a MAPE NFT or any contribution weight and making the nomination known in [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1073360258531082240/1078118591863468132).
2. Submission of a brief bio, statement of interest, and/or qualifications in [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1073360258531082240/1078118591863468132).
3. Availability for a 30-minute community Q&A session in Discord or to members via online video conference.
4. Availability for at least 2 hours each calendar month to review and approve DAO business and operations decisions, including expenses, claims, and any other matters concerning the DAO.

If the Committee consists of less than seven (7) members, the Committee may appoint additional members to fill the remaining seats. Or the members may notify the Authorized Members or submit nomination proposals for Snapshot to fill the remaining seats every three (3) months. The Committee will elect a secretary from among its members. The secretary will be responsible for convening meetings, setting the agenda, and ensuring that the Committee's decisions are implemented. The Committee will maintain a record of all meetings and make it publicly available.

The Committee's functions will be:

1. Oversight and ratification for the DAO's major expenses: Any major expense incurred by the DAO will be reviewed and put up for ratification by the Committee. The Committee will ensure that the expenses are legitimate, necessary, and within the DAO's budget. The Committee will also maintain a record of all expenses and provide a quarterly report of such expenses.
2. Oversight and approval for all of the DAO's tokenomics and membership criteria changes. As the DAO approaches the deployment of its DAO and NFT tooling while managing its treasury, it anticipates that a number of token mechanics may become attractive for its members or in building a community, and the DAO would benefit from having closer attention on these matters.
3. Oversight and investigation for any claims made against the DAO: Any claim made against the DAO will be investigated by the Committee. The Committee will conduct a thorough investigation on any claim to determine its validity, and then provide proposals and guidance on the appropriate actions to be taken. The proposed actions from the Committee will be put up for approval via Snapshot vote.
4. Oversight on business and operations decisions: The Committee will provide oversight on business and operations decisions made by the Authorized Members and the DAO as a whole. The Committee will ensure that all decisions align with the Guiding Principles and Code of Conduct of the DAO. The Committee will also provide recommendations to the Authorized Members on best practices and industry standards.
5. Recommending other security precautions and measures deemed necessary by the Committee to ensure the DAO's integrity and trustworthiness - similar to the [Nouns](https://nouns.wtf/) "Slow Start", protecting the governance process and navigating non-trivial legal or existential risks both from untrustworthy actors, critical smart contract vulnerabilities, Snapshot voting manipulations, or other risks that may arise.

## Rationale.

Establishing a Committee to oversee and investigate Movement's activities is crucial for several reasons. First, it ensures transparency and accountability in the DAO's operations. Second, it prevents the misuse of funds and reduces the risk of fraud and manipulation. Third, it protects the DAO's reputation and the interests of the Members. Fourth, it promotes trust and confidence in the DAO's governance structure. Providing oversight on business and operations decisions is also essential to ensure that the DAO operates in line with its Guiding Principles and Code of Conduct, which helps to maintain the DAO's reputation and credibility.

## Risks.

There are some risks associated with establishing a Committee within the DAO. The Committee members may have conflicting interests or biases that could influence their decision-making. The Committee's decisions may also be subject to manipulation or influence by external parties.

Therefore, it is essential to select Committee members with integrity and independence and establish clear rules and procedures for their operations. Additionally, the Committee's decisions must be transparent and subject to review by the token holders. The Committee's oversight on business and operational decisions must also be balanced and not unduly restrictive, so as not to hinder the DAO's growth and development.

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members.

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** Movement will establish a Committee to oversee and ratify major DAO expenses, investigate any claims made against Movement, and provide oversight on business and operational decisions;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members convened and are hereby jointly and severally authorized to take any and all actions, along with executing or signing any cryptocurrency transactions, and executing and delivering any other documents, agreements, instruments, and/or certificates as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other resolutions herein, or any related documents. This also includes authorization to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, and/or its affiliates.

This approval by the DAO Members by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives a majority vote of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote.

This action by the DAO may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

[^1]: [Guiding Principles effective date August 23, 2022](https://move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0026-001-guiding-principles.pdf)
[^2]: [Code of Conduct effective date August 23, 2022](https://move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0026-002-code-of-conduct.pdf)
