# Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct Update

---

```
Author: benreed.eth
Date: 2023-05-02
Proposal: 0028
Type: Proposal
```

## Thesis.

Authorized Members tankbottoms.eth and benreed.eth have done a comprehensive update to the [Guiding Principles](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/legal/guiding-principles.md), which includes revisions and additions in order for the Agreement to be more easily understandable and straight forward. They also have updated the [Terms of Service](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/legal/tos.md) and [Code of Conduct](https://docs.move.xyz/daolabs/daos/move/resources/code-of-conduct.md), and now want the community to review the agreements themselves and voice their opinions on the changes that have been made.

_The links provided above are where the effective Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct will live, please notice the effective date and updated date on each to track._

## Motivation.

Authorized Members tankbottoms.eth and benreed.eth want to be sure the community approves of their updates to the Guiding Principles, Code of Conduct, and Terms of Service, and to give all Members the opportunity to provide their own input on these updates, in addition to complying with the specific requirements for updating the Guiding Principles.

The Authorized Members made these updates with the goals of enhancing and providing further clarity to eliminate omissions, clean up vague language in certain terms to make them more concise, and close any gaps in the DAO's existing policies. They feel that the updates made to these documents will provide more transparency to Members regarding DAO operations, help Members to better understand their relationship with other Members and the DAO, help Members to better understand what decision-making powers are bestowed to them, and help Members to better understand how the Authorized Members will operate the DAO on a day-to-day basis. It will also allow the DAO to operate further in line with its goals and mission, and to further protect itself from future threats and bad actors.

## Specification.

1. The Authorized Members reviewed and updated the Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct.
2. These revisions were reviewed by legal counsel to ensure all issues are properly addressed.
3. Now, the revised documents will be posted for review and feedback from the DAO's Members for one week.
4. Member's feedback on the documents will be incorporated into the revisions, at which point a Snapshot vote will be submitted to approve the updated documents.
5. Once approved, the documents will be posted to DAOLABS documentation.

## Rationale.

Updating the Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct in the manner provided above will allow the Authorized Members to propose what changes they feel are best for these documents, and then their updates will go through review by both the Authorized Members and legal counsel to be sure that the Member's and the DAO's best interests are protected in the documents.

Furthermore, pertaining to the Guiding Principles specifically, the current Movement Guiding Principles states in Section 17(o) that "This Agreement may not be amended, modified, or revoked, in whole or in part, nor may any provisions be waived, except via a vote occurring through the Dapp." Therefore, the Authorized Members must obtain ratification from the Members before any update to the Guiding Principles can be finalized.

## Risks.

1. The Authorized Members might not have the DAO's best interest in mind.
2. Some Members might not agree to with some of the updates made to the documents.
3. This may take focus away from other prioritizes such as product development.

## Updated Documents.

1. [Former Guiding Principles](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-001-guiding-principles.pdf) [^1] to be replaced with [Updated Guiding Principles](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-004-guiding-principles-updated.pdf) [^4]
2. [Former Terms of Service](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-002-tos.pdf) [^2] to be replaced with [Updated Terms of Service](https://docs.ove.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-005-20230515-tos.pdf) [^5]
3. [Former Code of Conduct](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-003-code-of-conduct.pdf) [^3] to be replaced with [Updated Code of Conduct](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-006-20230515-code-of-conduct.pdf) [^6]

---

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members.

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the Authorized Members, with support from legal counsel, have updated the DAO's Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct for the reasons stated above, and now the Members will be able to review the updated Guiding Principles and provide any input and feedback that they may have;

**RESOLVED:** That upon ratification from the Members via the Snapshot vote for this proposal, the Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct will be officially updated and replace the previous versions;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Authorized Members convened and are hereby jointly and severally authorized to take any and all actions, along with executing or signing any cryptocurrency transactions, and executing and delivering any other documents, agreements, instruments, and/or certificates as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding resolution, and other resolutions herein, or any related documents. This also includes authorization to perform or resolve the obligations of the DAO, and/or its affiliates.

This action by the Authorized Members may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

[^1]: [Guiding Principles effective date August 23, 2022](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-001-guiding-principles.pdf)
[^2]: [Terms of Service effective date August 23, 2022](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-002-tos.pdf)
[^3]: [Code of Conduct effective date August 23, 2022](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-003-code-of-conduct.pdf)
[^4]: [Updated Guiding Principles proposed May 15, 2023](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-004-20230515-guiding-principles-updated.pdf)
[^5]: [Updated Terms of Service effective proposed May 15, 2023](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-005-20230515-tos.pdf)
[^6]: [Updated Code of Conduct effective proposed May 15, 2023](https://docs.move.xyz/pdfs/mips/attachments/mip-0028-006-20230515-code-of-conduct.pdf)
