## Exhibit A

### MOVEMENT DAO

### Resolution to Open a Bank Account

Chase Bank Account No.: _________________________

As the **DAO** Members, we certify that the **DAO** has been organized within the bounds of the State of Delaware as an [Unincorporated Nonprofit Association](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/legal/guiding-principles) by the DAO's Service Provider, **dao-lawfirm.eth**, who's registered agent's office is located at:

> The name of its registered agent at such address is **Incorporating Services, Ltd.**

> > Incorporating Services, Ltd.,
> > 3500 South DuPont Highway, Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19901.

> The address of dao-lawfirm.eth is: Attn. George Petre, Tiberius Law, Re. Law Offices of Reed Yurchak, 601 Brickell Key Drive Suite 701, Miami, FL 33131

> >

The **dao-lawfirm.eth**, as the DAO's **Service Provider**, having evaluated the Governance Proposals on Snapshot voted on or about August 22, 2022, having a quorum present the following resolutions are:

**RESOLVED**, that the financial institution named above is designated as a depository for the funds of this DAO, which may be withdrawn on checks, drafts, advices of debit, notes, or other orders for payments bearing any Member of this DAO.

**FURTHER RESOLVED**, that the financial institution will accept and pay on, without further inquiry, any checks or debits drawn against any of the DAO’s accounts. The checks or debits will be honored by the financial institution whether the item has been drawn or endorsed to the order of the below signed Member; tendered by the Authorized Member for the purpose of cashing or payment; or for deposit to the Member’s personal account. The financial institution will not be required to inquire as to the use of any check or debit signed in accordance with the resolutions contained herein.

**FURTHER RESOLVED** that the authorized below Member may execute other agreements, including, but not limited to, special depository agreements, and arrangements concerning the manner, condition, and/or purposes for which funds, checks, debits, or items of the DAO may be deposited, collected, or withdrawn, as long as these other agreements are not contrary to the provisions contained in this resolution.

**FURTHER RESOLVED** that the power granted to the DAO’s appointed Authorized Member will remain in full force and effect until written notice has been delivered and received by the financial institution at each location where an account is maintained. The financial institution will be indemnified and held harmless from any losses suffered or liabilities incurred by continuing to act in accordance with this resolution.

The DAO via the passing of this proposal further attest that the authorized persons named below occupy the stated positions, as indicated by their signatures, and that the resolutions contained in this document are recorded on [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth), and these resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been altered in any way.

Authorized Member: ____________

Agree to all of the above on this 25th day of August, 2022.

CERTIFIED TO AND ATTESTED BY: ___________________
