# Treasury Investment

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-11
```

## Thesis

-   **cDAI** Compound DAI.
-   **USD** United States Dollar.

The DAO Multisig at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) shall:

-   Swap 500,000.00 DAI for ETH[^1];
-   Swap 10,000,000.00 DAI for cDAI
    > ([`0x5d3a536E4D6DbD6114cc1Ead35777bAB948E3643`](https://etherscan.io/token/0x5d3a536e4d6dbd6114cc1ead35777bab948e3643)) to earn interest at 0.67% APY; and,
-   Swap 1,000 ETH for Lido stETH
    > ([`0xae7ab96520DE3A18E5e111B5EaAb095312D7fE84`](https://etherscan.io/token/0xae7ab96520de3a18e5e111b5eaab095312d7fe84)) to earn 3.9% APY.

## Abstract

On August 9, 2022, ETH was worth 1,775.348 USD.

The [DAO treasury](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) holds the following assets:

| Asset |   Amount   | Amount in USD | Percentage of Total |
| :---: | :--------: | :-----------: | :-----------------: |
|  DAI  | 13,929,850 |  $13,909,166  |       85.58%        |
|  ETH  | 1,318.5573 | $2,341,991.2  |       14.41%        |

Prior to June 18, 2022, the DAO had ~869 ETH, acquired at an average price of 2,875.00 USD. Between June 18, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the DAO acquired 450,000.00 USD worth of ETH at a price of $900.26-$1030.32 per ETH, acquiring a total of 448.6697898 ETH, currently worth $798,259.83, bringing the average cost per ETH to $2,122.89. The DAO is invested in the long term success of the Ethereum ecosystem and is willing to hold ETH over the long term.

### Post-Proposal

Including post-development proposal.

| Asset |   Amount   | Amount in USD | Percentage of Total |
| :---: | :--------: | :-----------: | :-----------------: |
|  DAI  | 13,929,850 |  $13,909,166  |       85.58%        |
|  ETH  | 1,318.5573 | $2,341,991.2  |       14.41%        |

### Sheets

[Google Sheets](./) contains a summary of the above and the expenses as they are incurred.

## Motivation

The DAO could earn interest on its assets by investing in Compound Finance's cDAI and Lido DAO's stETH. The DAO has held the vast majority of its assets since February, 2022 and has not earned any interest to date. At a minimum, the DAO should provide non-controversial assets to protocols which have been mainstays of the Ethereum ecosystem, while also staking in preparation for Ethereum 2.0.

## Specification

The Multisig may reasonably modify this specification.

### Lido stETH

The DAO Multisig to:

-   Wrap 1,000 ETH (exchange 1,000 ETH for 1,000 Wrapped ETH at [`0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2`](https://etherscan.io/token/0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2)).
-   Create a limit order (using the 0x Protocol via [matcha.xyz](https://matcha.xyz)) to buy up to 200 wETH worth of stETH with a 7-day expiry. The limit price should be the 24-hour moving average wETH price of stETH at the time of the transaction's queuing. Repeat this step until the DAO has swapped 1,000 ETH for stETH, exchanging a maximum of 200 ETH within any given 7 day period.

### Compound cDAI

The DAO Multisig to:

-   Create a limit order (using the 0x Protocol via [matcha.xyz](https://matcha.xyz)) to buy up to 1,000,000 DAI worth of cDAI with a 7-day expiry. The limit price should be the 24-hour moving average DAI price of cDAI at the time of the transaction's queuing. Repeat this step until the DAO has swapped 10,000,000 DAI for cDAI, exchanging a maximum of 1,000,000 DAI within any given 7 day period.

### ETH

The DAO Multisig to:

-   Create a limit order (using the 0x Protocol via [matcha.xyz](https://matcha.xyz)) to buy up to 100,000 DAI worth of wETH with a 7-day expiry. The limit price should be the 24-hour moving average DAI price of wETH at the time of the transaction's queuing. Repeat this step until the DAO has swapped 500,000 DAI for ETH, exchanging a maximum of 100,000 DAI within any given 7 day period.
-   Unwrap the ETH (exchange Wrapped ETH for ETH).

## Rationale

-   ETH, Lido stETH, and Compound cDAI are all established and well-tested assets.
-   By holding yield-bearing assets, the DAO will extend its runway.
-   Using the 0x Protocol will minimize slippage and gas fees associated with exchanges of this size.
-   A "DCA" strategy minimizes risk from market fluctuations and reduces slippage.
-   Multisig discretion allows the multisig to respond in the event of severe market shifts.
-   Limit orders mitigate risk from short-term price fluctuations.

## Risks

The DAO assets will be exposed to:

-   Market fluctuations affecting ETH, stETH, and cDAI.
-   Institutional risks affecting the Ethereum Foundation, Compound Finance and Lido DAO.
-   Smart contract risk affecting cDAI and stETH.
-   Slashing risks associated with stETH.
-   Risk associated with coordinated oracle attacks.
-   Risks inherent to the Ethereum ecosystem and the consensus layer merge, including bugs and a failure to reach required merge adoption levels.

## Timeline

The DAO Multisig is authorized to execute the specification for 100 days after this proposal has passed. The DAO Multisig may not extend this period beyond 100 days, without passing a new proposal.

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)

[^1]: **ETH** Ethereum.
