# <p align="center">Ratifications of Service Provider and Agent Actions</p>

```
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Creation Date: 2022-07-11
```

## 1. Thesis

As the Movement DAO community has directed, and as dao-lawfirm.eth, the DAO Service Provider, has concurred, **the DAO should establish formal entities which are legally recognized by both regulatory bodies and financial institutions to allow the DAO to fully realize its potential and purpose.**

## 2. The DAO Group

The DAO ratifies the establishment of the following affiliates: MEOW, LLC., DAOLABS, LLC, DAOLABS, INC. and any permutations thereof, as well as the establishment of PEACEDAO UNA.

This proposal ratifies the actions of certain individuals to formalize the DAO as a Delaware non-profit association, establish the DAO's banking account, and register the DAO's affiliates, including DAOLABS, LLC, DAOLABS, Inc. and any permutations thereof, together which are referred to herein as the "DAO Group" or "DAO affiliates".

## 3. Abstract

The DAO members should ratify the indemnification of certain individuals who have acted on behalf of the DAO in various capacities: legal and accounting, including the disbursing of funds at the behest of other members, the community, or for the benefit of the DAO.

## 4. Authorization of "Meatspace" Activities

Authorize tankbottoms.eth, goodtimeswith.fuzzyhandcuffs.eth, and jimmyethworld.eth,[^1] and the individuals, entities, addresses, and contracts mentioned in **7. Clarification** to act on the DAO Group's behest, ratified by the DAO Members, with all matters related to establishing legal entities, financial registration, and registration with any regulatory bodies or financial institutions, and fully authorize the aforementioned members in all matters in furtherance of these activities. Futhermore, the DAO Group requires onboarding and accounting relationships with third party Cryptocurrency processor companies, intellectual property matters, and other matters related to the inter-group relationship with financing, intellectual property licensing, copyright and registration, and regulatory activities associated with any significant fundraising activities. Future issuance of tokens, options, and stock are also authorized.

It is anticipated that the registering of the DAO Group in various jurisdictions including states of Washington, Florida, and Delaware, as well as the British Virgin Islands. Nonetheless, the individuals references above are further authorized to take any action in furtherance of establishing banking relationships with the various parties.

## 5. Indemnification of the DAO Service Provider and Certain Individuals

Pursuant to the needs of the DAO in meatspace, aka IRL, with regards to the aforementioned. The DAO will indemnify the above individuals for any and all costs, fees, expenses, and liabilities incurred in the performance of their duties as a DAO Member, and/or DAO Service Provider, and/or DAO Affiliate.

Service Providers, DAO members, and agents shall not be liable to the DAO, and shall be indemnified and held harmless for any loss or damage resulting from any act or omission performed or omitted in good faith, including gross negligence or willful misconduct, in pursuance of the authority granted to pursue the purpose and interests of the DAO. Moreover, no authorized individual shall be liable to the DAO because any taxing authorities disallow or adjust any deductions or credits in the DAO tax returns. The Member may authorize the DAO to pay expenses incurred by, or to satisfy a judgment or fine rendered or levied against, the Manager, any liquidating trustee or any present or former employee of the DAO, in an action brought by a third party against such person (whether or not the DAO is joined as a party defendant) to impose a liability or penalty on such person for an act alleged to have been committed by such person while a Manager, Member, liquidating trustee or employee of the DAO, provided the Person to be indemnified was acting in good faith within what he reasonably believed to be the scope of his employment or authority and for a purpose which he reasonably believed to be in furtherance of the purpose and best interests of the DAO or the Member. Payments authorized by this Article 3 include amounts paid and expenses incurred in settling such an action or threatened action. The indemnification authorized by this Article shall be made from the assets of the DAO and no Member shall be personally liable to an indemnitee. This Article shall inure to the benefit of the Manager and the Member and any future employees and agents of the DAO (including any liquidating trustee) and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, agents, successors and assignees.

## 6. Ratifications of Prior Disbursements

Resolved, the Members do hereby ratify and affirm each and every action undertaken by the Service Provider on behalf of the DAO wherein said DAO has full knowledge of said act and wherein the act has been fully and accurately stated and explained to the DAO.

## 7. Clarification

TO BE CLEAR, BY RATIFYING THIS PROPOSAL, YOU ARE AFFIRMING THAT THE DAO WILL INDEMNIFY THE FOLLOWING INDIVIDUALS, ENTITIES, CONTRACTS, AND ADDRESSES, AS WELL AS ANY ASSOCIATED SIGNERS, ADDRESSES, CONTRACTS, INDIVIDUALS, OR ENTITIES FOR ANY AND ALL COSTS, FEES, EXPENSES, AND LIABILITIES INCURRED IN THE PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES AS A DAO MEMBER, AND/OR DAO SERVICE PROVIDER, AND/OR DAO AFFILIATE:

|  Id   |                   Address                    |                                Etherscan                                |
| :---: | :------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|  1. | `0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`[^2] | https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6 |
|  2. | `0x752515a3a1091b9f1c04416cf79d1f14d2340085`[^3] | https://etherscan.io/address/0x752515a3a1091b9f1c04416cf79d1f14d2340085 |
|  3. | `0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e`[^4] | https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e |
|  4.   | `0xf8042c55fe4dff9df82c0f8435fbcdc32fe60a69` | https://etherscan.io/address/0xf8042c55fe4dff9df82c0f8435fbcdc32fe60a69 |
|  5.   | `0xE41188926607921763D25392475f1156AC5f9033` | https://etherscan.io/address/0xe41188926607921763d25392475f1156ac5f9033 |
|  6.   | `0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409` | https://etherscan.io/address/0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409 |
|  7.   | `0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410` | https://etherscan.io/address/0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410 |
|  8.   | `0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57` | https://etherscan.io/address/0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57 |
|  9.   | `0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498` | https://etherscan.io/address/0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498 |
|  10.   | `0xD2427c0e44D28Ea74c0504E072c6073d135569B2` | https://etherscan.io/address/0xD2427c0e44D28Ea74c0504E072c6073d135569B2 |
|  11.   | `0x8C00f41676Ce4670ae9FcBBF297a24736dc23cc3` | https://etherscan.io/address/0x8C00f41676Ce4670ae9FcBBF297a24736dc23cc3 |

By voting on this proposal, you attest that you have familiarized yourself with pertinent onchain and off-chain activities carried out by those mentioned above.

You also agree that any actions taken by the above listed individuals, accounts, multi-signature contracts, in each case for itself or on behalf of the DAO, in connection with the development of cryptocurrency tooling, recruiting, cryptocurrency experimentation, supporting the purpose of the DAO or its members, interacting with exchanges, contributing to protocols, swapping tokens, purchasing or selling NFTs, deploying contracts, meatspace bank accounts, deposit of monies into such accounts, obtaining of accounts or membership licenses on behalf of the DAO (e.g. Hosting services, Fleek, Notion, Cloudflare, Digital Ocean, Google, Apple) and any actions related thereto are hereby confirmed and ratified in all respects, and that the Service Provider and their affiliates (e.g. tankbottoms) and the DAO's agents, (e.g. tankbottoms) shall be entitled to indemnity with respect to such actions.

## 8. Ratification of Future Disbursements

_This section is intentionally left blank._

## 9. Timeline

These processes should be implemented once this proposal is ratified, only to be removed when superseded or amended by another proposal.

---

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)

[^1]: Respectively, [`0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e), [`0xf8042c55fE4dff9Df82c0F8435fbcdC32fe60A69`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf8042c55fe4dff9df82c0f8435fbcdc32fe60a69), and [`0xE41188926607921763D25392475f1156AC5f9033`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xe41188926607921763d25392475f1156ac5f9033).
[^2]: DAO Multi-sig.
[^3]: dao-lawfirm.eth
[^4]: Authorized member.
