# Adopt the DAO's Guiding Principles, Terms of Service, and Code of Conduct

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-11
Proofed: 2022-08-22 filipv.eth
```

## Thesis

The name of the Delaware Unincorporated Nonprofit Association is Movement DAO or ("Move", or "mDAO", "DAO").

Adopt the DAO's [Guiding Principles](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/legal/guiding-principles), [Terms of Service](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/legal/tos), and [Code of Conduct](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/resources/code-of-conduct).

1. Guiding Principles: Establish the DAO as an Unincorporated Nonprofit Association pursuant to the [Delaware Unincorporated Nonprofit Association Act](https://delcode.delaware.gov/title6/c019/index.html).
2. Terms of Service: An agreement between the DAO and parties who use the DAO's services or resources.
3. Code of Conduct: Defines community member standards and community enforcement guidelines.
4. Appoint benreed.eth to act as the DAO's secretary and to file the necessary federal application for the DAO IRS EIN Number Application.

## Motivation

The DAO seeks clarity with regards to legal structure and the relationship between its members and non-members alike. These agreements contribute to a healthy, transparent and well functioning organization while addressing the lack of clear legal guidance regarding "DAOs".

The Community Conduct Guidelines establish expectations for all members' conduct. The Terms of Service establishes the agreement between the DAO and users of the DAO decentralized application.

## Specification

Ratify and adopt the DAO's [Guiding Principles](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/legal/guiding-principles), [Terms of Service](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/legal/tos), and [Code of Conduct](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/resources/code-of-conduct).

Update DAO's [Discord server](https://discord.gg/movexyz), [docs](https://gov.move.xyz), and other relevant resources to reflect these changes.

## Rationale

Ratifying the Guiding Principles establishes an Unincorporated Nonprofit Association, which, in turn, will:

-   recognize the DAO's legal standing as an entity;
-   allow the DAO to hold accounts, property, and enter into agreements;
-   clarify membership processes, e.g. define duties owed to each other;
-   adopt the Unincorporated Nonprofit Association model act language, where appropriate;
-   establish and adopt unique and specific terms with regards to the DAO's structure, operations, and ownership of property;
-   adopt the role of the Service Provider and the activities authorized; and
-   remove ambiguity generally, i.e. regarding its intellectual property.

The Terms of Service will clarify the DAO's:

-   requirement for parties interacting with the DAO's application and resources to take full responsibility;
-   unambiguous position on the DAO's adherence to state and federal statues;
-   risks associated with reliance and deference to the technology employed in the DAO's operation;
-   conditions of use, demand for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations (including U.S. Securities law, Office of Foreign Assets Control compliance, etc.);
-   explicit prohibited activities (including activities which are illegal or harmful to the DAO or its members);
-   limitations in liability, and disclaimers by the DAO;
-   requirement for indemnification by the user under certain circumstances;
-   requirement for the user to promise not to sue the DAO, or its members;
-   language regarding arbitration, and processes for dispute resolution;
-   process on computation of damages, attorney fee's, and notice via Blockscan;
-   privacy policy, including a verbose general warning on blockchain usage;
-   risks associated with DAO's online resources; and
-   users' legal, financial, and ethical responsibilities when using the DAO's resources.

The Code of Conduct will state the DAO's position with regards to:

-   requirements for members to unequivocally be honest;
-   community standards emphasizing honesty, inclusion, and respect; and
-   enforcement guidelines for members who violate these standards.

The DAO's Unincorporated nonprofit association requires an authorized secretary and member to file the necessary federal application for the DAO's IRS EIN Number Application.

## Risks

-   By forming an Unincorporated Nonprofit Association, the DAO may incur taxes.
-   These documents may not adequately address DAO's legal concerns.
-   These documents are long and may be difficult to read.

## Timeline

These documents should be implemented once this proposal is ratified, only to be removed when superseded or amended by another proposal seeking to do the same.

---

## Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolved as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the **Guiding Principles** are hereby adopted as the Guiding Principles;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** that the **Terms of Service** is hereby adopted as the Terms of Service;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** that the **Code of Conduct** is hereby adopted as the Code of Conduct; and

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** that Member **benreed.eth** shall serve as the DAO's authorized member and its secretary, to serve until his respective successor is duly elected and qualified.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** that the Certificate of Adoption of the DAO Guiding Principles has been witnessed and shall be executed by the DAO authorized member **benreed.eth** and submitted to Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Service Provider, authorized member, and agent of the DAO is hereby severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related Document (together, the "Documents"), and to perform the obligations of the DAO under the Documents.

As used in this document, the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby" and "hereunder" shall refer to this document as a whole, and not to any particular section, provision, or subdivision of this document.

This action by the DAO member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
