# Expand Movement DAO's Multisig

```
Author: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-11
```

## Thesis

Expand Movement DAO's Multisig ([`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6)) by adding the following signers:

| Name        | ENS             | Address                                                                                                                 |
| ----------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tankbottoms | tankbottoms.eth | [`0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e) |
| jango       | jango.eth       | [`0x823b92d6a4b2AED4b15675c7917c9f922ea8ADAD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x823b92d6a4b2aed4b15675c7917c9f922ea8adad) |
| filipv      | filipv.eth      | [`0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39) |
| Ben Reed    | benreed.eth     | [`0xf8042c55fe4dff9df82c0f8435fbcdc32fe60a69`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf8042c55fe4dff9df82c0f8435fbcdc32fe60a69) |

And updating the Safe threshold to 6 out of 9 in accordance with the [Multisig Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/Multisig).

## Motivation

Movement DAO's Multisig currently has 5 Signers and a Safe threshold of 3, which centralizes execution. As Movement DAO's onchain activities expand, having a large team of competent signers will be increasingly important. The proposed signers all have experience queuing, verifying, and executing transactions in Gnosis Safes.

## Specification

The following tasks are related to the DAO Gnosis Multisignature Wallet to:

1. a. Add `0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e`;
   b.update the Safe threshold to 4 of 6 signers.
2. a. Add `0x823b92d6a4b2AED4b15675c7917c9f922ea8ADAD`:
   b. update the Safe threshold to 5 of 7 signers.
3. a. Add `0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39`;
   b. update the Safe threshold to 5 of 8 signers.

<!-- 4. Add `` as a signer and update the Safe threshold to 6 of 9 signers. -->

Prospective Multisig signers must agree to the [Multisig Process](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/Multisig) before being added to the Movement Multisig.

## Rationale

The `GnosisSafeProxy` smart contract does not allow for multiple signers to be added at once, so signers must be added one at a time.

## Risks

The new signers might make mistakes or poor decisions.

## Timeline

These signers should be added to the Multisig indefinitely, until this proposal is revoked or otherwise amended by another proposal. The Multisig should continue expanding over time.

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the Service Providers are instructed to perform the following actions with the Gnosis Multisignature Safe:

1. a. Add `0x5d95baebb8412ad827287240a5c281e3bb30d27e`;
   b.update the Safe threshold to 4 of 6 signers.
2. a. Add `0x823b92d6a4b2AED4b15675c7917c9f922ea8ADAD`:
   b. update the Safe threshold to 5 of 7 signers.
3. a. Add `0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39`;
   b. update the Safe threshold to 5 of 8 signers.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the **Service Providers** of the DAO are each authorized and empowered to take any and all such further action, to execute and deliver any and all such further agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and to pay such expenses, in the name and on behalf of the DAO, as any of each of the **Service Providers** may deem necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes and intent of the resolutions hereby adopted, the taking of such actions, the execution and delivery of such agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and the payment of such expenses by any such **Service Providers** to be conclusive evidence of his or her authorization hereunder and the approval thereof.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That any and all actions taken by the **Service Providers** of the DAO to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed. As used in this document, the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby" and "hereunder" shall refer to this document as a whole, and not to any particular section, provision, or subdivision of this document.

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

#### Authors

[0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39),
[0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
