# <p align="center"> DAO Resolution to Open a Bank Account</p>

<p> ____________________________________________________. </p>

Account: `____________________`
Holder: `_____________________`
Address: `____________________`

Bank: `_______________________`
Address: `____________________`
Account #: `__________________`

As a Member of the DAO named above, I certify that the DAO has been organized within the bounds of state law as a DAO with its principal office located at:`________________________________________.`

<p> ____________________________________________________. </p>

I further attest that at the initial meeting of the DAO’s members held on or about `August 20`, 20`22`, a quorum was present and voting and adopted the following resolutions:

Resolved, that the financial institution named above is designated as a depository for the funds of this DAO, which may be withdrawn on checks, drafts, advices of debit, notes, or other orders for payments bearing any authorized Member of this DAO.

Further Resolved, that the financial institution will accept and pay on, without further inquiry, any checks or debits drawn against any of the DAO’s accounts. The checks or debits will be honored by the financial institution whether the item has been drawn or endorsed to the order of any authorized Member signing; tendered by the authorized Member for the purpose of cashing or payment; or for deposit to the authorized Member’s personal account. The financial institution will not be required to inquire as to the use of any check or debit signed in accordance with the resolutions contained herein.

Further Resolved, that the authorized Member may execute other agreements, including, but not limited to, special depository agreements, and arrangements concerning the manner, condition, and/or purposes for which funds, checks, debits, or items of the DAO may be deposited, collected, or withdrawn, as long as these other agreements are not contrary to the provisions contained in this resolution.

Further Resolved, that the power granted to the DAO’s authorized authorized Members will remain in full force and effect until written notice has been delivered and received by the financial institution at each location where an account is maintained. The financial institution will be indemnified and held harmless from any losses suffered or liabilities incurred by continuing to act in accordance with this resolution.

I Further Attest that the persons named below occupy the stated positions, as indicated by their signatures, and that the resolutions contained in this document are recorded on the books of the DAO, and these resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been altered in any way.

<p>[Signatures on the following page]</p>

Agree to all of the above on this 20th day of August, 2022.

CERTIFIED TO AND ATTESTED BY: Having ratified by the process adopted by the above stated entity, the DAO members provide the final vote as an attachment to this Resolution and provide two (2) DAO witness who attest to the above actions by the association, under penalty of perjury and in the presence of the authorized DAO member execute this Resolution.

|                   Party |           Signature           |   Witness Initial   |
| ----------------------: | :---------------------------: | :-----------------: |
|            DAO Witness: | `___________________________` | `_________________` |
|            DAO Witness: | `___________________________` | `_________________` |
|  DAO Authorized Member: | `___________________________` | `_________________` |
| Printed Name, Position: |        `Benjamin Reed`        | `_________________` |
