# Appointment of a Treasury Committee

```
Authors: tankbottoms, filipv
Date: 2022-08-10
```

## Thesis

The DAO should appoint a treasury committee to provide the community with monthly recommendations to leverage the DAO's endowment. The DAO's commitment to the community is to instill confidence in the long-term success of the DAO's endowment by which to stimulate the growth of the DAO's ecosystem.

## Motivation

The DAO has not taken advantage of intensive treasury management yet. By leveraging non-controversial investment and diversification strategies, the DAO can expand its runway while minimizing risks.

## Specification

The initial treasury committee should be comprised of:

|        Name         |                  Address                   | Description |
| :-----------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :---------- |
| tankbottoms.eth[^1] | 0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E |             |

Nominees?

## Rationale

Designating treasury management recommendations to a small group removes the need to respond to input from everybody in the DAO. It will also allow these individuals to utilize and continue building domain-specific expertise.

## Risks

- As the DAO's assets are diversified, the DAO will inherit risks associated with those assets.
- The DAO may lose out on potential upside to ETH, DAI, or other assets it already holds.
- The treasury committee might make bad recommendations.
- Treasury management may distract from other focuses of the DAO.

## Timeline

The initial treasury committee should provide recommendations 30 days after this proposal passing.

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)

[^1]: For the purpose of the committee, tankbottoms.eth does not count towards the three (3) individuals and will act in the capacity of the secretary reducing the recommendations to meeting notes.
