# Development Budget: Bootstrap Product Development

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-07-01
Proofed:
```

## Thesis

Transfer 1,500,000 DAI from the Movement DAO Multisig[^1] to the Developer Multisig[^2] to bootstrap product develop by funding 4 months of development and minimal operations, including:
- product development and development expenses;
- tooling, documentation, and operational structures;
- recruiting costs for a product program manager and meatspace entity management;
- legal and accounting services; 
- community-building resources; and,
- branding and design work.

This payout also includes retroactive reimbursements covering expenses borne by dao-lawfirm.eth, tankbottoms.eth, and ryan-breslow.eth.

## Motivation

Currently, payouts are primarily managed by tankbottoms.eth, his private company Meow, advances by ryan-breslow.eth, and dao-lawfirm.eth. This process is time consuming, opaque, and difficult to manage.

This payout will allow development to properly structure the product entities, non-profit entities, and account for each cost center properly. In an overall effort to move to transparent operations managing payouts from the appropriate legal entity, including the management of cryptocurrency on-ramp and off-ramp solutions, and the protection and management of intellectual property concerns via DAO affiliates such as DAOLABS, LLC.

## Specification

### Multisig

The Movement DAO Multisig shall transfer 1,500,000 DAI to the Developer Multisig, a Gnosis Safe which has the following five signers:

1. [`0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085) _(dao-lawfirm.eth)_
2. [`0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409)
3. [`0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410)
4. [`0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57)
5. [`0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498)

### Utilization

Developer budgeting decisions shall be made at the discretion of tankbottoms.eth and dao-lawfirm.eth, with input from community members jimmyethworld.eth, . Business development budgeting decisions will be made at the discretion of jimmyethworld.eth and dao-lawfirm.eth. Additional signers will be added after a probationary period of 20-90 days to ensure that the DAO's interests are being represented.

### Entities

The DAO and its advisors have agreed to utilize multiple partnered legal entities:

1. The DAO UNA will fulfill non-profit functions, provide public goods, and have non-exclusive rights to intellectual property associated with the product.
2. DAOLABS, LLC will retain intellectual property developed to date and engage with development staff.
3. This intellectual property will be licensed to DAOLABS, Inc: a for-profit corporation which will fulfill for-profit functions of the product. This includes collaborating with payment processor providers, cryptocurrency on-ramp and off-ramp providers, and other data services. DAOLABS, Inc will distribute options to individual contributors and stock to financial contributors, including potential future investors.

### Bootstrap Expenses

The DAO's Bootstrap Expenses include:
-   establishing the DAO as an Delaware UNA, a registered legal entity;
-   establishing an accounting structure and a tax reporting, structure for the DAO with regards to on/off-ramp services;
-   establishing for-profit reg. in support the DAO's mission, e.g. DAOLABS, LLC, Inc.;
-   establish intellectual property protection rights for the DAO, wrt DAOLABS, LLC, Inc,;
-   transfer all current expenses borne by dao-lawfirm.eth, and any other entity to the DAO;
-   provide 3 months of proposed expenses, as detailed below;

### Agreements and Contracts

### Intellectual Property

### Proposed Budget

-   [Proposed budget through December 2022](./10.%20movement-proposal-budget.pdf)

## Rationale

The DAO's developers have demonstrated their capabilities and ambitions for the Movement Platform through a number of experimental frontends:

1. [juicebox.wtf](https://juicebox.wtf) is a complete re-implementation of [juicebox.money](https://juicebox.money), the most popular Juicebox frontend. It features several experiment features built from scratch, compiles to a fraction of juicebox.money's size, and is implemented via Svelte components from the ground up.
2. [identity](https://identity.juicebox.wtf/) features an expansive identification feature set, allowing users to connect with cryptocurrency wallets, SMS, Google, eMail, Facebook, GitHub, or Twitter accounts, or to connect anonymously. Users can then generate custodial cryptocurrency accounts using these credentials, secured using multi-party computation. This frontend also sports a user settings menu to support cryptocurrency on-ramps and off-ramps through credit cards, debit cards, and ACH transfers. It also integrates with Gnosis Safes, making it possible to import existing Safes or to deploy new ones.
3. [membership](https://membership.juicebox.wtf) is tailored towards rapidly deploying Juicebox treasuries which are funded by extensible, customizable, tiered membership NFTs. This frontend builds upon earlier work at [nft.juicebox.wtf](https://nft.juicebox.wtf/).
4. [bleeding-edge](https://bleeding-edge.juicebox.wtf/) features customizable user pages and multiple extensive no-code creation workflows for NFT collections.
5. [staging](https://staging.juicebox.wtf/) features further experimental features, such as a scrolling homepage and a selection menu for project categories.
6. [matic](https://matic.tankbottoms.xyz/) is a re-implementation of [juicebox.money](https://juicebox.money) on the Polygon blockchain.
7. [tiles.wtf](https://tiles.wtf) is a re-implementation of the iconic generative NFT art project named [tiles.art](https://tiles.art). Instead of using an API-service to generate the art, tiles.wtf generates its SVG art entirely on-chain using Ethereum smart contracts. The website also feature a Juicebox treasury dashboard and donations page, making this a valuable model for future artists and DAOs.

dao-lawfirm.eth has recommended continued use of multsigs to distribute funds due to the DAO's large DAI holdings and a lack of DAI support within the Juicebox Protocol.

## Risks

-   Transparent operation of the DAO is uncertain while the entity structure remains undetermined.
-   A Juicebox DAI terminal has not been deployed to mainnet, meaning these funds must be managed by a multi-signature wallet.
-   These funds may not be ideally distributed.
-   These funds may be more useful later on.
-   The DAO is delegating major responsibility by approving a budget for 3 months, which increases risk.

## Timeline:

By block, date or funding cycle

[^1]: The Movement DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^2]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
