# Developer Budget: Bootstrap Product Development

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-07-01
Proofed:
```

## Thesis

Transfer `1,500,000 DAI` from the DAO Multisig[^1] to the Developer Multisig[^2] to bootstrap product develop by funding 4 months of development and minimal operations, including:

-   product development and development expenses;
-   tooling, documentation, and operational structures;
-   recruiting costs for a product program manager and meatspace entity management;
-   legal and accounting services;
-   community-building resources; and,
-   branding and design work.

This payout also includes retroactive reimbursements covering expenses borne by `dao-lawfirm.eth`, `tankbottoms.eth`, and `ryan-breslow.eth`.

## Motivation

Currently, payouts are primarily managed by `tankbottoms.eth`, his private company Meow, advances from `ryan-breslow.eth,` and `dao-lawfirm.eth`. This process is time consuming, cumbersome, and difficult to manage.

This payout will allow development to properly structure the product entities, non-profit entities, and account for each cost center properly. In an overall effort to move to transparent operations managing payouts from the appropriate legal entity, including the management of cryptocurrency on-ramp and off-ramp solutions, and the protection and management of intellectual property concerns via DAO affiliates such as DAOLABS.

## Specification

### Multisig

The [Movement DAO Multisig](https://gov.move.xyz/dao/governance/multisig) shall transfer 1,500,000 DAI to developer.movedao.eth ([`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD)), a Gnosis Safe which has the following five signers:

1. [`0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x752515a3A1091b9f1c04416CF79D1F14d2340085) _(dao-lawfirm.eth)_
2. [`0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x468f178672C86bFA02e5E1B0413C3ccf55A37409)
3. [`0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x550bD0F03580B9a687931af4d837F8e45D61d410)
4. [`0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDbE76F6ae97dFD5bdd1D7DAD8972740d18aB2b57)
5. [`0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x746cf650d4E5431474E8D4E2d5B6Bbe53772b498)

### Proposed Budget

See the [Proposed Budget](mip-0003a) and [Google Sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mBO_eIWosiuarLAKx4IziPs9Iy1VDDKXGLGeqIPlIbA/edit?usp=sharing). This is a high-level overview and is subject to change.

### Utilization

Developer budgeting decisions will be made at the discretion of `tankbottoms.eth` and `dao-lawfirm.eth`, with participation from two community members. Business development budgeting decisions will be made at the discretion of `jimmyethworld.eth` and `dao-lawfirm.eth`. Additional signers will be added after a probationary period of 30-90 days to ensure that the DAO's interests are being represented.

### Entities

The DAO and its advisors have agreed to utilize multiple partnered legal entities:

1. The DAO will fulfill non-profit functions, provide public goods, and have non-exclusive rights to intellectual property associated with the product. This implementation will be branded Movement DAO.
2. DAOLABS, LLC will retain intellectual property developed to date and engage with development staff.
3. This intellectual property will be licensed to DAOLABS, Inc: a for-profit corporation which will fulfill for-profit functions of the product. This includes collaborating with payment processor providers, cryptocurrency on-ramp and off-ramp providers, and other data services. DAOLABS, Inc will distribute options to individual contributors and stock to financial contributors, including potential future investors.

## Rationale

The development team which will be funded by this proposal have already created multiple dapps with feature sets relevant to the DAO platform:

### Core features

-   The [Treasury Juicebox Multi-sig](https://juicebox.wtf/). This frontend and backend constitute a complete re-implementation of the [Peel Juicebox frontend](https://juicebox.money). Not only does it feature several experimental features built from scratch—it also compiles to a fraction of the Peel frontend's size, and is implemented from the ground up as Svelte components. Due to Peel's structure, it would be impossible to secure agreements with all the contributors of the code base and thus DAOLABS would be unable to apply any copyright, or dictate terms of use.
-   The [Identity Juicebox Multi-sig](https://identity-develop.web.app/) features an expansive identification feature set. It allows users to connect with cryptocurrency wallets, SMS authentication, Google, eMail, Facebook, GitHub, or Twitter, or to connect anonymously. By adding multiple authentication services, users can generate a custodial cryptocurrency account. This Dapp also employs multi-party computation to secure a wallet's seed phrase and private keys, and integrations to connect existing Gnosis Safes or to deploy new ones. Additionally, this frontend provides cryptocurrency on-ramps and off-ramps through credit cards, debit cards, and ACH transfers.
-   [Membership NFT + Juicebox DAO](https://membership.juicebox.wtf/) is a Juicebox frontend tailored towards creating treasuries funded by customizable tiered membership NFTs. This frontend builds upon earlier work at [nft.juicebox.wtf](https://nft.juicebox.wtf/).
-   [Bleeding-Edge](https://bleeding-edge.juicebox.wtf/) is a Juicebox Protocol frontend featuring customizable user pages and multiple no-code NFT collection creation workflows.
-   [Staging Juicebox](https://staging.juicebox.wtf/) features further experimental features, such as a scrolling homepage and a project category selection menu.

### Experiments

-   [tiles.wtf](https://tiles.wtf) is a re-implementation of [tiles.art](https://tiles.art), which was an infinite generative NFT art project. tiles.wtf improves upon tiles.art by creating the art entirely on the Ethereum blockchain as SVG files (as opposed to using an API service), and also implementing a Juicebox treasury dashboard and donations page.
-   [Juicebox Matic](https://matic.tankbottoms.xyz/) is a re-implementation of [juicebox.money](https://juicebox.money) on the Polygon blockchain.

These prototype dapps demonstrate the domain-specific expertise and skill of the prospective development team.

## Risks

-   Transparent operation of the DAO is not certain or guaranteed.
-   A Juicebox Protocol DAI terminal has not been deployed to mainnet, meaning these funds must be managed by multi-signature wallets.
-   These funds may not be ideally distributed.
-   These funds may be more useful later on.
-   The DAO is delegating major responsibility by approving a budget for 3 months.

---

## Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the DAO Multi-sig's transfer of 1,550,000 DAI to the Developer Multi-sig (hereinafter, "Bootstrap Payment") is hereby adopted and approved;

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That a portion of the Bootstrap Payment will be used to reimburse DAO expenses of `dao-lawfirm.eth`, `tankbottoms.eth`, and `ryan-breslow.eth`, is hereby adopted; and,

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the DAO's authorized member and secretary `benreed.eth`, in accordance with commensurate powers, is authorized to execute and deliver any agreement in the name of the DAO and to otherwise obligate the DAO with respect to the purpose of the DAO, within general guidelines and budgets approved by the Members; provided, however, that Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members may adopt specific limitations on the authority of the Service Provider from time to time.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That each Service Provider, authorized member, and agent of the DAO is hereby severally authorized to do any act, matter, or thing, and to execute and deliver any other document as he or she may deem necessary, advisable, or incidental, in connection with the preceding specification, and other sections herein, or any related Document (together, the "Documents"), and to perform the obligations of the DAO under the Documents.

As used in this document, the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby" and "hereunder" shall refer to this document as a whole, and not to any particular section, provision, or subdivision of this document.

This action by the DAO member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

[^1]: The DAO Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x143cC0A996De329C1C5723Ee4F15D2a40c1203c6) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
[^2]: The Developer Multisig is a Gnosis Safe at [`0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2187e6a7c765777d50213346F0Fe519fCA706fbD) on the Ethereum Mainnet.
