# Appointment of a Treasury Committee

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-10
```

## Thesis

Appoint a treasury committee to provide the community with monthly recommendations to leverage the DAO's endowment. This should instill confidence in the long-term success of the DAO's endowment, by which the DAO will stimulate growth of its ecosystem.

## Motivation

The DAO has not taken advantage of intensive treasury management yet. By leveraging non-controversial investment and diversification strategies, the DAO can expand its runway while minimizing risks.

## Specification

The initial treasury committee members shall be:

|        ENS        |                                                       ETH Address                                                       |
| :---------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|  tankbottoms.eth  | [`0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E) |
|    filipv.eth     | [`0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39) |
| jimmyethworld.eth | [`0xE41188926607921763D25392475f1156AC5f9033`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xE41188926607921763D25392475f1156AC5f9033) |
|   0x2ebc...5c4c   | [`0x2ebcb7baa4e6f273fad8edc3cabd3c22cd095c4c`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2ebcb7baa4e6f273fad8edc3cabd3c22cd095c4c) |

## Rationale

Designating treasury management recommendations to a small group allows for focused, tightly-scoped discussion. It will also allow these individuals to utilize and to continue building their domain-specific expertise.

## Risks

-   As the DAO's assets are diversified, the DAO will inherit risks associated with new assets.
-   The DAO may lose out on potential upside to ETH, DAI, or other assets it already holds.
-   The treasury committee might make bad recommendations.
-   Treasury management may distract from other focuses of the DAO.

## Timeline

The initial treasury committee should provide recommendations 30 days after this proposal passing.

---

## Actions by the DAO Snapshot Consensus by the Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the above referenced persons are hereby elected and designated as **treasury committee members** of the DAO. The treasury committee member designation provides no office.

This action by the DAO member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)
