# Adopt Banking Relationship Authorizations

```
Authors: tankbottoms.eth, filipv.eth
Date: 2022-08-11
```

## Thesis

The DAO and its affiliates should establish traditional banking relationships so that those services are integrated into its Dapp via API payment processors, thereby enabling payments in fiat currency; the DAO has integrated Bolt using internally generated API keys and Wyre API keys both which require traditional ACH accounts to connect and fulfill online account loading functions. Silicon Valley start-up services such as, **Ramp**, have business models where they offer "full-service" start-up services such as accounting management, including virtual cards by projects for expense management, cap-table, profit and losses, option and stock option turn-key packages and other organizational services normally left to the start-up. In order to be eligible for these types of services, the DAO or DAOLABS, must have over $250,000.00 in an ACH account and documentation regarding capital investments. ACH accounts are also required for the DAO to open a Coinbase or Robinhood account which would be necessary for any fiat to crypto currency exchanges.

In order for a financial institution to establish a banking relationship with the **DAO**, the **DAO** must be able to provide traditional documents including board resolution, or shareholder resolution, or the information contained in Exhibit A, "Resolution to Open Bank Account" section.

## Motivation

The DAO's fiat contributions are currently facilitated by the **DAO's Service Providers**, **dao-lawfirm.eth**, via manual funds transfers and conversion from Cryptocurrency to fiat and vice versa using personal CryptoAccounts, likely generating gains or unforeseen tax liability which will need to be mitigated.

## Resolution

See Exhibit A. **RESOLUTION TO OPEN A BANK ACCOUNT**

## Snapshot Consensus by the DAO Members

Whereas the DAO through its Members voted to adopt the following actions via Snapshot and resolves as follows:

**RESOLVED:** That the Service Provider, together with **dao-lawfirm.eth**, **tankbottoms.eth**, **benreed.eth** shall be authorized on behalf of the DAO, and its Members, to establish a banking relationship with Chase Bank and other service providers to facilitate additional payment services required by the DAO.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That, in accordance with the powers of the Service Provider specified in the DAO's Guiding Principals, the Member's **tankbottoms.eth** and **benreed.eth** of the DAO are authorized to execute and deliver any payments or agreement in the name of the DAO and to otherwise obligate the DAO with respect to the activities of the Company, within general guidelines and budgets approved by the DAO Members; provided, however, that the Board Members may adopt from time to time specific limitations on the authority of such Service Providers.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That the **Service Providers** of the DAO are each authorized and empowered to take any and all such further action, to execute and deliver any and all such further agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and to pay such expenses, in the name and on behalf of the DAO, as any of each of the **Service Providers** may deem necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes and intent of the resolutions hereby adopted, the taking of such actions, the execution and delivery of such agreements, instruments, documents and certificates and the payment of such expenses by any such **Service Providers** to be conclusive evidence of his or her authorization hereunder and the approval thereof.

**RESOLVED FURTHER:** That any and all actions taken by the **Service Providers** of the DAO to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions prior to their adoption are approved, ratified and confirmed. As used in this document, the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby" and "hereunder" shall refer to this document as a whole, and not to any particular section, provision, or subdivision of this document.

This action by the DAO Member by Snapshot vote shall be effective as of the date the DAO Entities receives the consent of the DAO at the end of the Snapshot vote. This action by the DAO Members consent may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one action.

---

Authors: [0x30670D81E487c80b9EDc54370e6EaF943B6EAB39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39), [0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5d95baEBB8412AD827287240A5c281E3bB30d27E)

<br />
<br />
<br />

<br />
<br />
<br />

<h3 align="center">Exhibit A</h3>

### <p align="center">MOVEMENT DAO<br/> Resolution to Open a Bank Account</p>

<p>Chase Bank Account No.: _____________________________________________________</p>

As the **DAO** Members, we certify that the **DAO** has been organized within the bounds of the State of Delaware as an <a href="/dao/legal/guiding-principles" target="_blank">Unincorporated Nonprofit Association</a> by the DAO's Service Provider, **dao-lawfirm.eth**, who's registered agent's office is located at:

> The name of its registered agent at such address is <b>Incorporating Services, Ltd.</b>

> > Incorporating Services, Ltd.,
> > 3500 South DuPont Highway, Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19901.

> The address of dao-lawfirm.eth is: Attn. George Petre, Tiberius Law, Re. Law Offices of Reed Yurchak, 601 Brickell Key Drive Suite 701, Miami, FL 33131

> >

The **dao-lawfirm.eth**, as the DAO's **Service Provider**, having evaluated the Governance Proposals on Snapshot voted on or about August 22, 2022, having a quorum present the following resolutions are:

> **RESOLVED**, that the financial institution named above is designated as a depository for the funds of this DAO, which may be withdrawn on checks, drafts, advices of debit, notes, or other orders for payments bearing any Member of this DAO.

> **FURTHER RESOLVED**, that the financial institution will accept and pay on, without further inquiry, any checks or debits drawn against any of the DAO’s accounts. The checks or debits will be honored by the financial institution whether the item has been drawn or endorsed to the order of the below signed Member; tendered by the Authorized Member for the purpose of cashing or payment; or for deposit to the Member’s personal account. The financial institution will not be required to inquire as to the use of any check or debit signed in accordance with the resolutions contained herein.

**FURTHER RESOLVED** that the authorized below Member may execute other agreements, including, but not limited to, special depository agreements, and arrangements concerning the manner, condition, and/or purposes for which funds, checks, debits, or items of the DAO may be deposited, collected, or withdrawn, as long as these other agreements are not contrary to the provisions contained in this resolution.

**FURTHER RESOLVED** that the power granted to the DAO’s appointed Authorized Member will remain in full force and effect until written notice has been delivered and received by the financial institution at each location where an account is maintained. The financial institution will be indemnified and held harmless from any losses suffered or liabilities incurred by continuing to act in accordance with this resolution.

The DAO via the passing of this proposal further attest that the authorized persons named below occupy the stated positions, as indicated by their signatures, and that the resolutions contained in this document are recorded on [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/movedao.eth), and these resolutions are in full force and effect and have not been altered in any way.

<br />
<p align="center">Authorized Member<br />
[Signatures on the following page]</p>

<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />

<p>Authorized Member:_______________________________</p>

Agree to all of the above on this 25th day of August, 2022.

<p>CERTIFIED TO AND ATTESTED BY:</p><p>_________________________________________________</p>
